c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\bin\Debug\GymSystem.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\bin\Debug\GymSystem.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\bin\Debug\GymSystem.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fHuanLuyenVien.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fNguoiTap.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fTrangChu.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fDangKi.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fGoiTap.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fNhanVienQL.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fChonDangKi.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fDangKiKoHLV.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fDangNhap.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fThongKeTheoGT.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fThongKeTenHLV.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fThongKeDoanhThu.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fThongKeNguoiTapGoiTap.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fTaiKhoan.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fDoiMatKhau.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GymSystem\GymSystem\obj\Debug\GymSystem.fTimKiem.resources
